As a team, we used Linear to organize our tasks and keep track of what everyone was working on. Every Monday we had a Scrum meeting where we checked in on what we finished the past week. We went through each person and gave updates on what we were able to accomplish and what was still pending. Then, we made a list of tasks to complete next and assigned it to people. We also made sure to discuss if there were any blockers so we could discuss with our mentors. Our Linear was set up similar to Kanban, with tasks moving from “To Do” to “In Progress” to “Done.” We used a lot of the scrum principles taught to us in class like communicating often, breaking up the project into smaller pieces, and making sure not to get stuck on one problem for too long. This helped us stay organized and make substantial progress each week. 


One thing that worked well was having all our tasks in Linear so we could easily see what everyone was working on and the progress we all made throughout the week. Our Monday checkins also helped set the tone for the week and gave us a better idea of how much work we had left to accomplish. We also split responsibilities very well. Some developers focused on the animation challenges, some on the UI/UX designs, and others on lots of research. This allowed us to work in parallel and not get in each other’s way. We also made sure to communicate often, whether through Slack or quick Zoom calls, to ensure everyone was on the same page. Everyone did a great job of responding to these messages quickly which made the project go smoothly. Overall, our use of Linear and Scrum principles helped us stay organized, communicate effectively, and make steady progress on our project.


Even though a lot of things went well, we definitely had some challenges. One of the biggest issues was getting stuck on certain problems for too long. Since the Vision Pro is still really new and there isn’t much documentation, we had to spend a lot of time researching how avatars and animations were work. This slowed us down more than we expected. Another problem was that we only had one physical Vision Pro for the whole team, so we had to take turns using it. That caused delays because if someone needed to test something, they sometimes had to wait until someone else was done. We also noticed that tasks in Linear related to animation kept ending up back in the backlog, mostly because that part of the project required a lot of trial and error and we kept running into new roadblocks.



If we continued working on this project, we would change a few things. One thing we would do is make a better shared schedule for the Vision Pro so testing is more organized. We would also break tasks into even smaller pieces so we are less overwhelmed. Finally, we would have more collaboration with the Holos mentors when we get stuck and reach out sooner instead of trying to solve a lot on our own. This would help us move faster and not waste time on problems they could help with. Overall, using Linear and Scrum principles helped our team stay organized and make steady progress, even with the challenges we faced. With a few changes, we believe we could improve our workflow even more in future projects.